[en]update vm description and screenshots (#4865)
DaoCloud/DaoCloud-docs: docs/en/docs/virtnest/vm/index.md

- Image Source: Supports three types of sources.

>     - Repository: Images stored in the container image repository. You can select images from the image repository as needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - Registry: Images stored in the container registry You can select images from the registry as needed.
```
Need to be consistent with UI

    
        ![Network Configuration](../images/createvm-net01.png)
  
    - Network modes are divided into Masquerade (NAT), Bridge, the latter mode needs to be installed after the spiderpool component can be used.
  
        - The network mode of Masquerade (NAT) is selected by default, using the default network card eth0.

>         - If the spiderpool component is installed in the cluster, you can choose the Bridge mode, and the Bridge mode supports the multi-network card format.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If the spiderpool component is installed in the cluster, you can choose the Bridge mode, and the Bridge mode supports multiple NICs.
```
